DED-530 Refresh Platform Overview (#1334)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/getting-started/index.mdx

Your customers can start multiple conversations with agents, as well as continue the existing ones - it's up to them. Keeping track of chat history is easy, as agents can scroll up to get a preview of all the exchanged messages in a conversation.

All of these functionalities are guaranteed _out of the box_, but this is just a tiny bit of what LiveChat offers. If you're interested in other default features, see the <a href="https://www.livechat.com/features/" target="_blank">full list of LiveChat features</a>.

## What LiveChat can be
  
We're constantly trying to come forward with the new ways customers could integrate with LiveChat. Certain business needs call for specific customization, whether it's creating an app or just tweaking the look & feel.

### Extending LiveChat

> LiveChat can extend its interface by building apps to add new panels, widgets, and UI elements. When integrating with the Agent App, developers can choose from various options. All options were designed to extend different app locations, making it very flexible. Our Platform offers, for example, apps in the Details section (widgets), fullscreen apps displayed in the main menu, or apps in the Customer Details section (Customer Detail widgets). <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app" target="_blank">Learn more...</a> The <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app/products-sdk/agent-app-sdk" target="_blank">Agent App SDK</a> is currently the primary way to develop your own widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LiveChat can extend its interface by building apps to add new panels, widgets, and UI elements. When integrating with the LiveChat Agent App, developers can choose from various options. All options were designed to extend different app locations, making it very flexible. Our Platform offers, for example, apps in the Details section (widgets), fullscreen apps displayed in the main menu, or apps in the Customer Details section (Customer Detail widgets). <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app" target="_blank">Learn more...</a> The <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app/products-sdk/agent-app-sdk" target="_blank">Agent App SDK</a> is currently the primary way to develop your own widgets.
```

Reviewer: To give it more context as you mention the AGent App for the first time

Just as there are ways to build upon the App, there are also some to extend the [Chat Widget](#chat-widget) using <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget/javascript-api/" target="_blank">Chat Widget JavaScript API</a> or <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget/customer-sdk/" target="_blank">Chat Widget Customer SDK</a>.

Besides extending LiveChat UI, you can also develop LiveChat using our [Messaging](#messaging) and [Management](#management) APIs or by [interacting with data](#interacting-with-data).

### Monetizing your LiveChat app

After building your LiveChat app, personalizing it, and fitting it to your customers' needs, you can [monetize](#monetization) it and place it on our <Placeholder id="LIVECHAT_MARKETPLACE_URL"/> to reach many potential customers and gain some profit.

💡 If you want to read about building LiveChat apps, go to our <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/getting-started/helpdesk-apps" target="_blank">tutorial</a>.

# Meet HelpDesk

> <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a> is a ticketing system that helps you to manage both your asynchronous and synchronous communication with customers. You can imagine it as a mailbox with many features that make communication much more manageable:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about how HD helps with synchronous communication. Via the HD+LC integration?

Author: Ajajajaj, I had to mix something, I was taking it from their website, and when I look at it now, you're right it's asynchronous communication. My mistake

> <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a> is a ticketing system that helps you to manage both your asynchronous and synchronous communication with customers. You can imagine it as a mailbox with many features that make communication much more manageable:

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a> is a ticketing system that helps you to manage your synchronous communication with customers. You can imagine it as a mailbox with many features that make communication much more manageable:
```

> <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a> is a ticketing system that helps you to manage both your asynchronous and synchronous communication with customers. You can imagine it as a mailbox with many features that make communication much more manageable:

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a> is a ticketing system that helps you to manage your asynchronous communication with customers. You can imagine it as a mailbox with many features that make communication much more manageable:
```

## What HelpDesk can be

As the Platform tries to follow the needs of our developers so they can build a wide range of integrations that perfectly fit their customers, you can extend HelpDesk in many different areas.

### Extending HelpDesk

The first and definitely most fun way to extend HelpDesk is by playing with its interface. It can be done by adding widgets and placing them in many different locations of your app. You can choose one of the following placements: the Details section, Fullscreen apps, or Settings (<a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app" target="_blank">Learn more...</a>). The <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-agent-app/products-sdk/helpdesk-sdk" target="_blank">HelpDesk SDK</a> is currently the primary way to develop your own widgets.

You can also let users sign in to your service via <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/authorization/sign-in-with-livechat#accounts-sdk" target="_blank">Accounts SDK</a> or automate various tasks using [HelpDesk APIs](#helpdesk-api).

### HelpDesk API

> When you build HelpDesk applications with our Platform, they may need to use our <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs" target="_blank">HelpDesk API</a>. To allow you to play with it and discover its potential, which is developed in many useful areas, HelpDesk API is fully available. You can experiment with:

Reviewer: I'd look for a synonym of "play with" as it appears a couple of times in this doc

 -  <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs#tag/Agents" target="_blank">Account and users</a>
 -  <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs#tag/Tickets" target="_blank">Tickets</a>
 -  <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs#tag/Email-domains" target="_blank">Managing your emails</a>
 -  <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs#tag/Canned-responses" target="_blank">Automating your work</a>
 -  <a href="https://api.helpdesk.com/docs#tag/Reports" target="_blank">Analyzing your reports</a>

### Monetize HelpDesk apps

Our Platform provides you also with [monetization tools](#monetization) that can help you gain profit for the created integrations and publish them on the <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/marketplace/" target="_blank">HelpDesk Marketplace</a>.

💡 If you want to read about building HelpDesk apps, go to our <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/getting-started/helpdesk-apps" target="_blank">tutorial</a>.

# Authorization

> LiveChat and HelpDesk use OAuth 2.1 protocol to <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/authorization" target="_blank">authenticate and authorize</a> their services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LiveChat and HelpDesk use the OAuth 2.1 protocol to <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/authorization" target="_blank">authenticate and authorize</a> their services. 
```

Reviewer: I guess

Author: you are right

To access basic information in LiveChat and HelpDesk accounts, you will use <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/authorization/sign-in-with-livechat" target="_blank">Accounts SDK (Sign in with LiveChat)</a>, which is the simplest way to do that.

Platform also provides you with with a <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/authorization/global-accounts" target="_blank">Global Accounts service</a> which is very useful for customers who use <a href="https://www.chatbot.com/" target="_blank">ChatBot</a>, <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/" target="_blank">HelpDesk</a>, or <a href="https://www.knowledgebase.com/" target="_blank">KnowledgeBase</a>. It allows customers to configure standard options and resources across all products.

# Dveloper Console tools

> If you want to save time while building your app and don't want to play with APIs, <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/> comes with a helping hand to provide easy access to all tools and resources for developers who want to build their apps. It is a place where you can configure your applications, set up their most crucial functions and create all the necessary extensions. The simplest way to create a paid app or display your app on the Marketplace is within the <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/>.

Reviewer: > The simplest way...

There's no other way :P

> If you want to save time while building your app and don't want to play with APIs, <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/> comes with a helping hand to provide easy access to all tools and resources for developers who want to build their apps. It is a place where you can configure your applications, set up their most crucial functions and create all the necessary extensions. The simplest way to create a paid app or display your app on the Marketplace is within the <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/>.

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to save time while building your app and don't want to play with APIs, <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/> comes with a helping hand to provide easy access to all tools and resources for developers who want to build their apps. It is a place where you can configure your application, set up its most crucial functions, create all the necessary extensions, and display it on the Marketplace.
```

> <Placeholder id="DEVELOPER_CONSOLE_URL"/> is rich in many helpful functions that will help make your app efficient, valuable, and attractive for potential customers.

Reviewer: This sentence sounds a bit like a marketing promise. I would either write another sentence or drop it

# Messaging

Many LiveChat applications built upon the Platform need to use our API. For that reason, we make it accessible and let developers play with it. You can choose between:

- [Agent Chat API](/messaging/agent-chat-api/)
- [Customer Chat API](/messaging/customer-chat-api/)

Together, the [Agent Chat API](/messaging/agent-chat-api/) and the [Customer Chat API](/messaging/customer-chat-api/) create the <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/messaging" target="_blank">Messaging APIs</a>. It is a full set of methods to use either as an agent or as a customer. We divide it though, to make it more use-case-specific. The distinction is intuitive; when you want to join a chat as an agent, use the Agent Chat API. To interact as a customer, use the Customer Chat API. 

> These two sets of APIs are very versatile. The Agent Chat API lets you build your custom Agent App, as well as browser chat archives, or ban customers. With the use of the Customer Chat API, you can build a custom Chat Widget. Both APIs allow for interactions, such as joining a chat, posting messages, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two sets of APIs are very versatile. The Agent Chat API lets you build your custom Agent App, as well as browser chat archives, or ban customers. With the use of the Customer Chat API, you can build a custom chat widget. Both APIs allow for interactions, such as joining a chat, posting messages, etc.
```

Reviewer: should be lower case if we don't mean our proprietary CH

Platform also provides two Software Development Kits, <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/messaging/go-sdk" target="_blank">LiveChat Go SDK</a>, written in Go, and <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/messaging/js-sdk" target="_blank">LiveChat JS SDK</a>, written in Typescript. They are tools for developers to build external backend apps which extend LiveChat features. The SDKs make it easy to use the [Agent Chat API](/messaging/agent-chat-api/), the [Customer Chat API](/messaging/customer-chat-api/), and the [Configuration API](/management/configuration-api/).

# Management

The <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/management" target="_blank">Configuration API</a> is a service for storing license configurations. It can be used to build complex integrations or to configure resources directly via the API.

> Configuration API allows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Configuration API allows for:
```

Reviewer: Idk, but the bare "allows" sounds a bit like "gives permission" to me

Author: I was actually deleting it and adding xd But now that you wrote it, yes it might be a bit like gives permission" to me

- Properties setup to store information about chats or events.

> - Webhooks management to connect LiveChat with different services and react immediately to the things happening in the chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Webhook management to connect LiveChat with different services and react immediately to the things happening in the chat.
```

> - Bot agents configuration to connect LiveChat with AI solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bot agent configuration to connect LiveChat with AI solutions.
```

- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#javascript-api" target="_blank">JavaScript API</a> changing the look and behavior of the Chat Widget.
- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#moments" target="_blank">Moments</a> allowing customers to perform specific actions.
- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#rich-messages" target="_blank">Rich messages</a> making your messages more stylish and interactive.
- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#customer-sdk" target="_blank">Customer SDK</a> allowing you to build a chat widget from scratch.
- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#custom-identity-provider" target="_blank">Custom Identity Provider</a> giving you the possibility of creating a cross-platform communication.
- <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/extending-chat-widget#chat-widget-adapters" target="_blank">Chat Widget Adapters</a> allowing you to use the Chat Widget with popular frontend frameworks.

# Monetization

> Platform provides you with <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/monetization" target="_blank">monetization tools</a> allowing you to start getting profit from the apps you have created. All the payments are processed within Text eco-system using in-app payments. Thanks to this solution, you have more precise control over monetizing features of your app. Publish your apps and integrations on our <Placeholder id="LIVECHAT_MARKETPLACE_URL"/> or <a href="https://www.helpdesk.com/marketplace/" target="_blank">HelpDesk Marketplace</a> and provide people with the necessary solutions to meet their needs.

Author: Yup when I'm reading it right now, it feels like it. I'll change it.

> Get familiar with the <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/monetization/app-review-process" target="_blank">app review process</a> and read about good practices and rules that may help you improve your app and make it more attractive for the customers. Decide to go with the <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/monetization/app-review-process#basic-app-review" target="_blank">Basic app review</a> or <a href="https://developers.livechat.com/docs/monetization/app-review-process#premium-app-review" target="_blank">Premium app review</a>. Premium app review provides detailed technical, design, and copy reviews with feedback or suggestions on improving your product.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to go into details about the difference between basic and paid app review. The information that app goes thorough an ap review process before publishing is enough, IMO

Author: Yup, I agree on this one.
